Guide to create commerce scratch org and stores (#180)
forcedotcom/commerce-on-lightning: docs/setup-guide.md

> # Guide to create scratch Org and stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to Create Scratch Orgs and Stores
```

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> 1. A Salesforce Org where you want to create scratch Orgs and stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A Salesforce org where you want to create stores and that serves as a Dev Hub for creating scratch orgs. 
```

> 2. Enable Dev Hub on the Org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable Dev Hub on the org:
```

>     1. Navigate to Setup (Gear icon located in upper right corner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Navigate to Setup by clicking the gear icon located in upper right corner. 
```

>     2. Search for or navigate to Dev Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Enter `Dev Hub` in the Quick Find box and select **Dev Hub**. 
```

>     3. Switch Enable Dev Hub to ‘Enabled’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Click **Enable Dev Hub** so it says `Enabled`.
```

## Setup

> 1. Install SFDX CLI, see [Salesforce CLI Setup Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/) to learn more about the Salesforce CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Salesforce CLI.  You can install the CLI with either npm or with a downloadable installer for your specific operating system. See [Salesforce CLI Setup Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_install_cli.htm) for more information.
```

    ```bash
    npm install --global sfdx-cli
    ```

> 2. Install commerce plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the Commerce plugins. 
```

    ```bash
    sfdx plugins:install @salesforce/commerce
    ```

> 3. Install shane plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the shane-sfdx-plugins. 
```

    ```bash
     sfdx plugins:install shane-sfdx-plugins
    ```

> 4. Verify sfdx-cli version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify that you installed Salesforce CLI correctly and see what version was installed.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx -v

    # sample output
    sfdx-cli/7.182.1 darwin-arm64 node-v16.17.1
    ```

> 5. Verify sfdx plugin versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify that you successfully installed the required plugins and see what versions were installed.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx plugins

    # sample output
    @salesforce/commerce 242.0.26
    shane-sfdx-plugins 4.43.0
    ├─ @mshanemc/sfdx-sosl 1.1.0
    └─ @mshanemc/plugin-streaming 1.1.7
    ```

> 6. Authorize your org with CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Authorize your org for use with Salesforce CLI.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx force:auth:web:login -r <<INSTANCE_URL>> -a <<ORG_ALIAS>>

    #####example#####
    # sfdx force:auth:web:login -r https://login.test1.pc-rnd.salesforce.com -a mydevhub

>     ###### If you created a connected app ######

Reviewer 2: Do we want to remove this example step?

Author: Just left it there in case anyone uses connected app

>     ###### If you created a connected app ######

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ###### If you created your own connected app ######
```

    # sfdx force:auth:web:login -r <<INSTANCE_URL>> -i <<CONSUMER_KEY/CLIENT_ID>> -a <<ORG_ALIAS>>
    # sfdx force:auth:web:login -r https://login.test1.pc-rnd.salesforce.com -i XXXXX -a mydevhub
    ```

> 7. Create a scratch org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create a scratch org.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx commerce:scratchorg:create -u <<ORG_USERNAME>> -a <<ORG_ALIAS>> -v <<DEVHUB_USERNAME>> -w 15 --json

    #####example#####
    # sfdx commerce:scratchorg:create -u demo_org_1@1commerce.com -a demo_org_1 -v devhubtest1sdb3@mydevhub.com -w 15 --json
    ```

> 8. Create B2B Aura store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Create a B2B Aura store.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx commerce:store:create -t 'B2B Commerce' -n <<STORE_NAME>> -o b2b -b <<BUYER_USER_EMAIL>> -u <<ORG_USERNAME>> -v <<DEVHUB_USERNAME>> --apiversion=<<API_VERSION>>

    #####example#####
    # Note: On completion the command outputs the buyer user name and password
    # sfdx commerce:store:create -t 'B2B Commerce' -n b2bstore01 -o b2b -b b2b_aura_buyer@1commerce.com -u demo_org_1@1commerce.com -v devhubtest1sdb3@mydevhub.com --apiversion=57.0
    ```

> 9. Create B2B LWR store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Create a B2B LWR store.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx commerce:store:create -n <<STORE_NAME>> -o b2b -b <<BUYER_USER_EMAIL>> -u <<ORG_USERNAME>> -v <<DEVHUB_USERNAME>> --apiversion=<<API_VERSION>>

    #####example#####
    # sfdx commerce:store:create -n b2bstore02 -o b2b -b b2b_buyer@1commerce.com -u demo_org_1@1commerce.com -v devhubtest1sdb3@mydevhub.com --apiversion=57.0
    ```

> 10. Create B2C LWR store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Create a B2C LWR store.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx commerce:store:create -n <<STORE_NAME>> -o b2c -b <<BUYER_USER_EMAIL>> -u <<ORG_USERNAME>> -v <<DEVHUB_USERNAME>> --apiversion=<<API_VERSION>>

    #####example#####
    # sfdx commerce:store:create -n b2cstore01 -o b2c -b b2c_buyer@1commerce.com -u demo_org_1@1commerce.com -v devhubtest1sdb3@mydevhub.com --apiversion=57.0
    ```

## Useful Commands

> -   To see all the Orgs run `sfdx force:org:list -all`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   To see all the orgs that you previously authorized, run `sfdx force:org:list -all`.
```

> -   If the Org session has timed out, then logout and login back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If the org session times out, then logout and log back in again.
```

    ```bash
    sfdx force:auth:logout -u <<ORG_USERNAME>>

    sfdx force:auth:web:login -r <<INSTANCE_URL>> -a <<ORG_ALIAS>>
    ```

> -   For more commands, see [Salesforce CLI Command Reference](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.214.0.sfdx_cli_reference.meta/sfdx_cli_reference/cli_reference.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   For more commands, see the [Salesforce CLI Command Reference](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_cli_reference.meta/sfdx_cli_reference/cli_reference.htm).
```
